# Popping "R-propping"

This repository contains code for replicating the experiments in the 'Popping "R-propping"' paper.
The code is written in Sagemath 9.4.

## Verifying the implementation of M_k(F_{2^8})

We provide code to verify that our computations in M_k(F_{2^8}) obtain the same results as those in the "R-propping" series of papers.
To run the verification, run
```bash
sage papers.py
```

## Plaintext-recovery attacks

To run the attacks on the GSDP-related HK17-like encryption scheme, run
```bash
sage plaintextrec.py
```

Use the `--warmup` flag to run the "warmup" attack against the buggy scheme using coefficient-wise product
Use the `--same-m-n` flag to make alice and bob use the same exponents m and n.
Use the `--seed` flag to change the PRNG seed for the experiments.
Use the `--verbose` flag to see the output of every instance, including the orders of g_0.

## Forgery attacks

To run the forgery attacks on the signature scheme, run
```bash
sage forgery.py
```

Use the `--seed` flag to change the PRNG seed for the experiments.
Use the `--tries` flag to determine how many tries to run for the experiments.
Use the `--verbose` flag to see the output of every instance, including the orders of g_0.

## DLP attacks

To run the DLP attacks on the "R-propped" parameters, run
```bash
sage dlp.py
```

Use the `--seed` flag to change the PRNG seed for the experiments.
Use the `--tries` flag to determine how many tries to run for the experiments.
Use the `--verbose` flag to see the output of every instance, including the orders of g_0.

## Extras: reproducing computations from the "R-propping" papers

As part of our work, we implemented the examples given in some of the "R-propping" papers, to check that our implementation matched the original one.
The numbers can be generated by running
```bash
sage papers.py
```
